What did you do?!
Harriet Jacobs writes,
"I was born a slave,
but I never knew it
till six years of happy
childhood had passed away."
I think what's interesting
is how Ms. Jacobs
ignited the compassion
for those still in bondage,
exciting Northern white women
and men -
with the plight
of the slave girl.
So...
Shay, can you please control
your environment?
Jasmine.
My bad.
All right,
let's wrap it up here for today.
Next week, you'll be discussing
Paul Laurence Dunbar's poem
- "Sympathy"...
- Yeah.
So, uh...
right now?
This early, hmm?
In the morning, it's medicine.
Just not while
I'm in class, okay?
Still pending?
-Still pending.
-Shit.
-All of them?
-Yep.
Everything slowed down.
And the center cut my hours.
Well, don't worry.
I got my financial aid
coming in next month, so...
Mm, nice for you.
Gold Grant withheld mine.
So what's the point
of Gold Grant then
if we can't even get
the classes that we need?
I'm only taking one class,
and they didn't offer one
I needed to transfer.
Let's get out of here and move
to Atlanta or something.
I mean, realistically, neither
of us can afford to move.
Because we are big broke.
The beauty of being broke
is that we can
be broke anywhere.
You hear me?
I'm serious, Shay.
What's keeping you here?
Shay?
Oh, I'm so glad I caught you.
Hi. I'm Kate Simmons.
Uh, hi.
Sorry, am I
supposed to know you?
Oh, um, I got your application
on Sitter Search.
-Oh.
-And I read your bio.
I checked all your references.
It turns out
I know your boss Christopher.
We went to high school together.
I was just here
asking about you.
So, uh, which listing were you?
It's the Hopkins estate.
Here.
Yeah, I, uh...
I know this place.
I know it's not
the most colorful photo,
but, uh, it's not
a plantation anymore.
It's been in the family
for generations.
Generations?
But it's really just a home.
It's just walls and a window--
I mean, all that stuff
is long gone.
I see that your rate is between
15 and 20 dollars an hour,
and I-I'll pay you $200 just
to come up and-and meet the kids
and tour the house.
Two hundred?
I will pay for your car
both ways.
And just come up,
and if you're not
feeling the vibe,
then you'll still get paid.
Got it.
Okay. See you after your work.
Are you insane?
We need the money.
You said
it's a slave plantation, Shay.
-Need I say more?
-Was.
And relax. I'm not gonna
actually take a job
babysitting a bunch of
white kids at a plantation.
Like, no.
Then why are you going?
Because I still get paid
200 bucks.
How do we know
she's not a nutcase?
All right, I get it.
-I'll send you my location.
-Thank you.
Peace.
As a Black man,
I agree with the girl.
What, were you eavesdropping?
You guys were loud.
Well, cover your ears.
I'm just saying that,
uh, you know,
in this climate of racial
injustice, especially down here,
it's not a good look.
Well, maybe you should
keep an eye on the road.
Well...
...racism is harder
for brothers like me.
-Expectations, you know?
-How so?
I can't ball.
I can't dance.
It's horrible.
Which is why I rely on
my most charming,
undeniably adorable personality.
If you need a ride,
just let me know.
I'll be your personal chauffeur.
Check it out.
Mass graves.
Where they buried the slaves.
Damn, they couldn't
even give us a proper burial.
Boys, come inside now.
Um, what's up with this kid?
Andrew, now.
Yeah, now, Andrew.
Well...
there goes massa
and her chil'ren.
Shut up.
Can you just...
wait till I get back?
Yeah. 20 minutes.
Then you're on your own.
Okay.
Thank you for coming.
Come in.
I can't imagine
what it must be like for you
to be in a place like this.
I'm only here because
my mother is dying,
and I wanted to be with her
in her final days.
I'm sorry.
Uh, I mean, after the upgrades,
I'm not really sure what
we're gonna do with this place.
It was weird growing up here.
Please don't judge me.
We don't get to choose
where we grow up.
Let me show you the house.
Mind your step.
We're renovating.
We're in the electrical phase.
The connections are spotty, so
it causes the lights to flicker.
This is our fun little
arts and crafts project.
It keeps the kids busy.
My husband cannot wait
for this debacle to be over.
This is not his thing.
He comes and goes from L.A.
But, um, let me show you
the rest of the house.
That room's a mess.
Haven't gotten around
to that room yet.
Springfield Model 1861 rifle.
These belonged to
my great-granduncle.
Fought in the Civil War?
Killed in action.
This was taken
when his body was returned.
Whoa.
Mourning portrait.
That's wild.
It's a way to honor those
that have passed on
to the other side.
How do you know so much
about this stuff?
-Uh, I'm an African American
studies major. -Hmm.
Focus more
on the Civil War era, but...
Yeah, I've only seen these
in, like, textbooks.
His wife?
Mm-hmm.
My mother loved
to show this off.
She fancied herself
on Southern tradition.
I never really understood
her pride about it.
The heat is insufferable
in here.
-Let me get you a fan.
-Oh. Thanks.
Can you hear anything?
Oh.
Hey, you.
What's your name?
I'm Shay.
I'm Blair.
Nice to meet you, Blair.
You have such a pretty smile.
Want to play hide-and-seek?
There's a lot of good places
to hide in this house.
Um...
yeah, sure.
It didn't break!
Boys.
What you doing there, buddy?
-I'm a pirate.
-Mm.
Pirates are pretty cool.
What about you?
You a pirate, too?
No. I-I'm just Andrew.
Hey.
Stop it! Stop it.
-Andrew, stop.
-You know,
a weapon like that is
used against brave pirates.
Last one holding it
has to walk the plank.
Go wash your hands!
What is that?
It's a, uh, branding iron.
I don't know where they even
find something like this.
Well, we are on a plantation.
Yeah.
I think they used to have
horses here maybe.
With soap.
Okay.
Just need to get you
cleaned up, honey.
Mom, it's hot.
It's too hot!
Okay, Mom. Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
Who wants lemonade?
-Oh, me.
-Me.
I hate lemonade.
Shay, do you want in
on this lemonade party?
Yeah.
That actually sounds good.
They're great kids, I promise.
They really are.
It's just...
just the move, and I've had
to drive them to the hospital.
To be honest, I don't think
they really understand
what's going on and...
long days turn into late nights,
and when I finally get them
in bed and I crash,
they're up all night, just
opening and closing the doors
and flushing the toilet.
I mean, how many times
can one person use the bathroom?
Well, I'm not really
a great sleeper, either, so...
It's really tough on Andrew.
He gets these nightmares.
I'm sorry.
I'm supposed to be
selling you on this job.
Ugh. I'm not usually
such an oversharer.
Uh, my mom passed
when I was younger, so I get it.
It takes a toll.
Here you go, as promised.
Thank you.
I hope it works out, because
you seem really good with kids
and I think the diversity
could be good for them.
I'm gonna stop talking, but I-I
really enjoyed having you here.
Take care.
You, too.
Waited, hmm?
Only 'cause you fine, girl.
Shay.
What are you up to?
I'm just looking up stuff
on the Hopkins estate.
And you wonder why
you have crazy nightmares
about this stuff.
I thought you weren't
taking that job.
I'm not.
You know what's weird, though?
That you're spending
your free time reading about
sugarcane crop yields
in the fall of 1859
for a job you're not taking.
I've looked everywhere.
Like, literally everywhere,
and I can't find any information
on this place.
If I kidnapped people
and forced them to work for me,
I don't think I'd be too eager
to write it down, personally.
I'm saying, lots of money
would've come from
a plantation that size.
There's no way there wouldn't be
any record of it.
I love you, Shay,
but I cannot watch you go down
one of your loops again.
Loops?
I mean, sometimes you get
a little bit obsessive.
You start digging into
some Civil War thing,
and then after that,
things get weird.
This is different.
It's something about this place.
I feel drawn to it.
It's weird.
Kill my life.
- Hello.
- Hi, Shay. It's Kate.
I'm so, so sorry.
Wh-What is it?
My mother took a turn
for the worse,
and, um, she may not make it
through the night.
I'm sorry to hear that.
So my husband's flying in, but
he can't get here till tomorrow.
Is there... is there any way you
can come and spend the night?
Right now?
Yeah, uh,
I have to go to St. Gabriel's,
but the kids are asleep,
and, um, I'll be back
tomorrow morning.
Mm... um...
Yeah, I'm-I'm not sure, Kate.
I'll pay you $500.
Please, Shay.
I have no one else to call.
Where are you going this late?
You're back with Will.
Hell no. Please.
Then where?
Kate's house.
Vanilla Kate?
Yes, Cream Soda Jasmine.
This late?
It's only for a night,
and she's paying me 500 bucks.
No. No.
What happened to
Miss "I'm not babysitting
some white kids
at a plantation"?
I'm driving you.
I already called a car.
Seriously, dude, don't go.
Girl, you only want me to stay
because you're high
and too scared to watch
this movie by yourself.
No, I'm just hungry.
Well, there's a burrito
in the freezer.
You'll be good.
Bye, Jas.
Okay, then I'm going with you.
Kate's never met you.
She's not going for that.
Okay, fine.
You call me as soon as you get
there and check in with me.
Okay.
Don't go to sleep,
and keep an eye on everyone.
Anything else?
Do not go in there.
In where?
You'll know when you see it.
Oh, God. Okay.
Well, bye.
Mm-mm.
So you're actually gonna
spend the night there?
Mm-hmm.
It's good money,
and I don't scare easily.
Okay, well, if you need
anything, just call me.
No matter what.
I'm your guy.
I'll be here...
- Thank you for coming...
- Oh.
...on such short notice.
Don't worry about me.
Just go be with your mom.
Okay.
So, keep track of
any movements by them.
They should sleep through
the night, except Andrew.
He randomly gets up,
like, 3:00 a.m.-ish.
And like an episode
or something?
No, it's-it's like
a night terror,
but then it passes.
It only started
when we moved here.
Um, this is the police
department, fire department,
and St. Gabriel's,
where I'll be.
Um, here's a list
of approved snacks.
And would you like a water?
Oh.
Um, here is, uh,
their morning routine.
No devices before 9:00 a.m.
I should be back by noon.
I didn't want to wake them up,
so if they do wake up,
just call me,
and I'll talk to them.
Okay.
So, you can hang out in here.
Extra blankets
are in the cabinet.
Um, make yourself at home.
Feel free to eat anything
in the fridge.
If they want to sleep in my bed,
that's okay.
Um, I think that's that.
Thank you again.
-And I'll call you when I can.
-'Kay.
What the hell am I doing
in this strange-ass house?
Damn, it's hot.
Please, please. I'm sorry.
-No.
-Blair?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Please. It's too hot!
-Blair.
-It's too hot!
Blair!
What are you doing?
You could've
really hurt yourself.
She told me to clean myself.
She who?
You mean your mom?
She told me to wash it off,
every single bit of it.
Wash what off?
Blair, wash what off?
You.
Oh, oh.
Shh, shh, shh, shh,
shh, shh, shh.
Oh. You scared me.
I told you to check in.
Sorry, I'm just still
looking around this house.
You're looking around
that creepy-ass plantation
by yourself?
Shay.
What?
Did Shay stay home
to take this job
to conduct
her own investigation?
No.
We need the money.
You are so lying, Shay.
You're freaking obsessed.
I told you.
Stop being extra, please.
Uh-uh. I just don't want you...
to get extra murdered.
Look, everything's fine.
-Mostly.
-Mostly?
It's just...
the little girl, Blair, she...
...she said something weird
to me.
What?
-It doesn't matter.
-Mm-mm.
It matters.
Whenever a kid tells you
something in a creepy house,
you take that shit seriously
100% of the time.
And you would be the
world's most trash babysitter.
I saw that look.
Something is not right
in that house.
You feel it, too.
All right. Okay.
You want to see?
There you go.
You're just proving my point.
The house is just old, really.
It... has electrical problems.
Jas? Jas?
Did...
-Did you just make that noise?
-What? What noise?
No.
No. No, no, no.
Okay, you got me trippin'.
Um, I'm hearing
all this crazy stuff now.
I'm gonna have to call you back.
No! Shay, wait, don't!
You can't...
Hello?
Where'd you come from?
You okay?
I had a bad dream.
I'm sorry.
You want to talk about it?
Is my mom home?
No, she went to go check
on your grandma.
She'll be back soon, though.
So who's knocking?
No one's knocking.
It was probably in your dream.
Why don't you crawl back
into bed, okay?
Mom?
Does no one in this house sleep?
Is that you?
Hey, Chase.
Your mom went to the hospital.
Who are you?
It's... Shay.
Stay back.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's me. Remember?
We met earlier.
I'm just here
to keep an eye on you guys
until your mom comes back.
Okay?
Did you get that
out of the trash from earlier?
-Hey, Kate.
-Hey.
I'm just waiting for the doctor,
so I only have a minute.
Um, how is everything?
Mom.
It's 3:00 a.m., Chase.
Why are you still awake?
Did you take that
out of the garbage?
No.
It was in my room.
Okay, listen to me.
Give it to Shay,
wash your hands,
and go to sleep.
I love you, buddy.
I love you more.
Uh, okay. Uh, where were we?
Um, everything's fine.
It's just--
something happened with Blair.
- Miss Simmons?
- Oh, I got to go.
- Here's the doctor.
- It's time.
Okay.
All right, that's enough
excitement for the night.
I don't like that Mom's gone.
I know, but she'll be home
before you know it.
And if you sleep,
it'll go by faster.
Fine. But tell her to wake me up
the minute she gets home.
I will.
Night, Chase.
Blair, that better not be you.
You got to be kidding me.
Hopkins.
What are you hiding from me?
Miss Shay?
Are you okay?
You're up again?
Your mom was not kidding.
I'm hungry.
I, um, saw your drawings.
Very talented.
My mom said
I needed a creative outlet.
I get it.
I have a few of those.
And you're into history.
Which is cool.
I'm into history, too.
What's that saying?
Those who don't learn history
are doomed to repeat it?
Okay.
Let's go family history.
America the beautiful.
"Mangham."
Hello?
Oh, um, right.
Sorry.
Milk first.
Okay.
Only a little.
Got it.
And, um, where do you keep
your silverware?
Where'd you get that?
Is this what was in your dream?
Andrew...
...you dreamt about
the same door as I did.
Um...
where's your mom
keep the extra...
What the hell was that?
I see her!
Oh.
Thought I saw something outside.
What is it?
Where'd it go?
I want my mom.
It's so meant to be.
Oh, my God.
I'm on my way, my queen.
When will Mom be home?
Not until morning.
Try to get some sleep now.
I can't sleep.
Of course you can't.
How about a bedtime story?
My mom used to read me bedtime
stories if I couldn't sleep.
Do you miss her?
I heard she went to heaven.
Yeah. I, um...
miss her more than anything.
I miss my best friend.
I bet.
But you'll find another one.
Mommy did not like her.
She would not let her
come into the house.
Why not?
Um...
It's okay.
Don't be sad.
You...
You still have the memories.
Are you my best friend?
I totally could be.
Oh, let's play a game.
It's my favorite.
-I'll teach you the words.
-Okay.
Uh...
I'm not sure
that's a good song to sing.
I mean, there's just a lot
of history behind it, and...
You know what?
How about you sing
and I'll clap with you?
-What?
-Shh.
She's awake.
We have to hide.
-Come on.
-Who's awake?
Come on.
I think she heard us.
Who?
You're not supposed
to be in here.
Blair,
what are you talking about?
She'll kill me if she finds out
you're in here.
Your mom?
Blair, your mom's
at the hospital.
Okay.
This is ridiculous.
Don't go.
No, no, no, no!
Help me! Help me!
Somebody, help!
Shit. Shit.
Oh, shit.
911.
What's your emergency? -Hello.
Please, you have to come
and help me.
I'm stuck.
I'm stuck in this house,
and I can't get out.
Please help me. Please, someone.
- I can't hear you.
- Hello?
-You're breaking up.
-No, no.
No. Oh, please.
Someone, help me.
No.
The kids.
The kids. No, the kids.
Blair?
It's happening.
Shh. Just... be quiet.
-We got to help her.
-No, she's crazy.
No, she isn't.
There is something out there.
You're as crazy as she is.
Andrew? Chase?
Where are you guys?
Boys?
Open the door.
Go away!
Open the door. Come on.
We have to leave right now.
Look, I'm just trying
to get us out of here, okay?
All of this started
when you got here.
Please don't do this right now.
Okay, where's Blair?
Just go away, you psycho!
Okay.
Okay, I'm gonna
get us out of here.
Just... just stay.
Stay in here until I get back.
What the hell is going on?
When Mom comes home,
I'm so getting my own room.
Shay.
Blair?
I'm in here.
Damn it.
- You were right.
- Jas.
-Jas. Jas. Jas, listen to me.
-It was called "Mangham,"
and there was
some crazy shit before.
Full-on slave revolt.
They escaped.
And a crazy-ass woman
got pissed, went insane,
-and tried to kill everyone.
-J...
Jas, I need you to call 911.
-Jas.
-Shay? Shay, can you hear me?
Jas, call
- 911.
- Hello? Shay?
I can't hear you.
Shay!
Tell them Hopkins, Mangham.
Jas? Shit, Jas, shit.
-Shay? I'm coming to get you.
-Jas.
Wh-What are...
It's locked.
What? No.
Come on, bitch.
Shay, it's, uh, it's Patrick.
Patrick. Patrick. Patrick.
Patrick, help!
I got your keys.
Help. Help.
Shay?
We're going through
the window over there!
Shit.
- Come on!
- I'll do it!
Oh.
Shay?
-Patrick. Patrick.
-Are you okay?
-Patrick, call 911.
-Wh-What happened?
Don't come in here.
Stay outside.
-Hold on. I got you. I got you.
-Please call 911.
What? Wh-Why?
Patrick, don't. Pl...
Stay outside!
No!
Patrick!
Andrew?
Chase?
Blair?
Where are you?
Blair.
She'll hear you.
You must stay hidden.
Blair.
Andrew, don't.
Cannot believe I came here.
Dealing with this haunted
Gone with the Wind shit.
Andrew. Andrew. Andrew, listen.
It's not okay to be
up here, okay? Okay?
Okay.
Chase. Chase, open the door!
-Open the door, Chase!
-Leave me alone!
Okay. Okay.
We're gonna stay in here.
Hey, it's Shay. Leave a message.
That lady.
You see her, too?
Every night.
Every night?
She always does the same thing.
It's a loop.
She's worse.
What?
Since you got here.
Sh-She's angry.
Shay?
What the fuck?
Jas.
-Shay!
-Jas.
What the hell happened?
There's a dead guy out there.
It was, um... something...
someone, someone in the house
that killed him.
They killed him.
-Shay.
-Shh.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
Shay, let's get out of here.
Jas, I can't leave.
-I'm trapped.
-That's impossible!
Watch.
Let's go.
Run. Run. We have to hide.
-No. No, Shay, we're leaving.
-There's no way out, Jas!
Well,
how do you think I got in?!
Andrew, come on.
Andrew, we have to go.
Come on. Andrew.
What is going on, Shay?
No.
-What are you doing, Shay?
-Get away from her!
Shay!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Shit.
Jas. Jas.
Jas.
Jas, I'm so sorry.
I thought it was her.
She was right in front of you.
I don't understand.
Okay. I'm gonna lift you.
We need to hurry. Come on.
Let's try this together.
Shay?
I'll get out. Just be safe.
Chase.
Y-You killed that lady.
No.
No, Chase, listen.
There's a crazy person
in this house, okay?
Yeah, you.
I know you're scared.
So am I.
Okay?
But I have to keep you safe.
So you have to trust me.
No! Chase!
Abigail.
I know this place.
Where's Blair?
Stay back.
Kate.
Look, I-I've been trying to call
you, and it's not going through.
-I got worried.
-Kate.
-I'm coming home.
-Kate, listen to me.
-There's a crazy woman.
-What?
What the hell
are you talking about?
Shay?
A-Are my kids all right?
The kids, th-they're...
Shay, talk to me.
Andrew's fine.
Um...
Chase is... he's scared.
He thinks...
that I would've done this.
And I don't know where Blair...
Shay?
-I don't know where Blair is.
-What?
I tried to protect her, but...
Shay, you're not
making any sense.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Blair's missing.
Shay, stop.
Your daughter is missing.
I don't have a daughter.
Wh-What is she doing?
Get away. Get away.
She sees things.
So can I.
Mommy wants to hurt you.
We have to hide.
Get away.
- Get away.
- You're crazy.
Just like Andrew!
Chase, Chase, it's not safe. No.
She only wants you.
But they'll try
to come for you first.
-Who?
-Everyone.
The slaves.
You have to hide
until they come.
Come in.
You must keep quiet.
You're not allowed
in here anymore.
I'm her.
Abigail.
You came back for me.
You are my best friend.
Remember.
- Abigail.
- Blair.
They're coming
to rescue you, all of you.
We have to go. Now.
That night...
Sh-She's the evil
that's keeping us here.
Stay back! Get out!
What did you do?!
The spiritual loop.
We have to hide Abigail.
No.
Hiding won't work.
We have to break the cycle.
Or else this'll keep happening.
We have to leave together
this time.
You can't have her!
-Mommy, no!
-Come on, let's go!
Blair, come on. Come on.
Don't leave me again.
Blair!
No, don't let them in!
Take my hands.
Don't look away.
Blair!
Don't let them in!
Abigail.
What did you do?!
What did you do?
Chase! Come on, help!
Blair.
Don't look away.
Shay! Watch out!
Shay.
-I got her. I got her.
-Come here!
-I got her.
-It's your turn now!
You can't hold on to us anymore.
Go to hell.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
It hurts, but I'll be okay.
I'm sorry.
I think I'm done doing
this never-ending cycle thing.
After seeing that shit...
...I'd be done, too.
Atlanta?
Might as well.
- Boys!
- Mom!
Mom!
Boys.